---
title: GUIX Studio User Guide
description: This guide provides comprehensive information about GUIX Studio, the Microsoft Windows-based rapid UI development environment specifically designed for the GUIX runtime library from Eclipse Foundation.
---
# About This GUIX Studio User Guide

This guide provides comprehensive information about GUIX Studio, the Microsoft Windows-based rapid UI development environment specifically designed for the GUIX runtime library from Eclipse Foundation.

It is intended for the embedded real-time software developer using the ThreadX Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) and the GUIX UI run-time library. The developer should be familiar with standard ThreadX and GUIX concepts.

## Organization

- [**Chapter 1**](guix-studio-1.md) provides a basic overview of GUIX Studio and its relationship to real-time development.
- [**Chapter 2**](guix-studio-2.md) gives the basic steps to install and use GUIX Studio to analyze your application right out of the box.
- [**Chapter 3**](guix-studio-3.md) describes the main features of GUIX Studio.
- [**Chapter 4**](guix-studio-4.md) describes how to use GUIX Studio to create and manage your application resources.
- [**Chapter 5**](guix-studio-5.md) describes how to use the GUIX WYSIWYG screen designer.
- [**Chapter 6**](guix-studio-6.md) describes how your application will utilize the output files and API functions generated by GUIX Studio.
- [**Chapter 7**](guix-studio-7.md) describes how to configure screen flow
- [**Chapter 8**](guix-studio-8.md) describes the usage of command line tool
- [**Chapter 9**](guix-studio-9.md) describes a simple but complete UI application created by GUIX Studio.
- [**Chapter 10**](guix-studio-10.md) describes how to create an example project in GUIX Studio and execute the example on GUIX.
- [**Chapter 11**](guix-studio-11.md) describes the resource project file and its usage.
